monkeys also have to learn how to fight
each other when a rival troupe dares to
muscle in on your patch
the result is gang warfare the monkeys
on the roof owned the garden but this
gang wants the turf it's crunch time for
the resident troop it's them roof the
invaders feign unconcerned but they're
keeping an eye on the reinforcements
arriving on the roof each side tries to
intimidate the other the resident
females lead the attack while the mayor
is keep clear of trouble the Kois
females stay in one tree for their life
they have the most to lose but the rival
females also want this garden badly
enough to risk serious injury
only once the fighting is safely over
does a male put on a spurt of bravado
but the males do have it tough
particularly if like this young fella
they're about to reach adulthood in May
the mating season begins and the mature
males have to jostle for position they
won't tolerate a young upstart as they
try to win favor with the females
as the tension increases tempers rise
and the older males flash their weapons
for his own safety it's time for this
young male to leave home living in the
city is difficult to know now he's on
the run you'll have to face all the
hazards on his own
[Music]
reason for a lone males plight is often
misunderstood seen as rogue males they
sometimes have to dodge bullets as well
as cars
[Applause]
you